[crd2pulumi] Remove crd2pulumi (#1312)
pulumi/pulumi-kubernetes: provider/cmd/crd2pulumi/README.md

> # crd2pulumi

Reviewer: Let's keep this file with the line you had linking to the new repo.

> ## `crd2pulumi` has moved to a stand-alone repo at [`pulumi/crd2pulumi`](https://github.com/pulumi/crd2pulumi)! Find the latest releases [here](https://github.com/pulumi/crd2pulumi/releases), with newly added Python and C# support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## `crd2pulumi` has moved to a stand-alone repo at [`pulumi/crd2pulumi`](https://github.com/pulumi/crd2pulumi)! Find the latest releases [here](https://github.com/pulumi/crd2pulumi/releases), including support for all of our SDKs (TypeScript, Python, C#, and Go)!
```
